---
layout: post
title:  "Decouple From The Habits of Being Yourself"
subtitle:  "KNOW your WHY"
date:   2023-01-01 4:30:00
categories: template
---


Ditch your OLD self's ego! Stop living in the past ... above all, do not wish to go back to your drunk self's view that life was better back in margaritaville -- stop being a crybaby, ***SOBER THE LIVING EFF UP!***

Stop assuming that you have to follow an arbitrary time structure.

# Time structures now allow for humans to be independent IF THEY CHOOSE SO

It's a choice. You get to choose. You can implicitly choose not to choose and just stay with what you have. There are bad choices -- but the important thing is that the choice is totally up to you. 

CHOOSE WISELY and work at getting better intell so that you can make better choices. As we know from defense technology and wars, there's not really a good substitute for incredibly accurate intell that allows for precise targeting with the absolute minimal collateral damage ... so when stupid thugs terrorize needlessly, kill citizens and do more than the minimal amount of damage, it is because the stupid thugs have chosen to be stupid, recalcitrant pigs, ie and those pigs *should and will soon die* ... not because they have killed, but because they have CHOSEN recalcitrance, choosing to persist in the habit of being themselves causes them to kill without needing to.

Your life is FULL of choices. You get to choose. Do not choose to be a stupid, recalcitrant pig. 

If you *really want* to be independent and not simply trade one master for another you will need to take full control of your time, including the implicity time structures that you keep ... in other words, independence necessarily requires you to fully embrace ASYNCHRONICITY and define your time structures as something that is dependent upon your WHY.

Embracing ASYNCHRONICITY means that you can collaborate with anyone, anywhere, anytime ... which makes it even more imperative that you **manage your own time** and, above all, ***be much more focused on YOUR WHY***. *Stop settling for masters who demand that you kowtow to their agenda.*