---
layout: post
title:  "Seeing Beyond Time"
date:   2023-12-31 4:30:00
categories: template
---

# The point of the AncientGuy essays are about transcending Time

Transcending time is about ditching the baggage of one's ego.

Seeing beyond Time involves realizing that the ORIGIN of all Origins is defined as God. This must be emphasize, God is matter of operationally DEFINING a word, eg Genesis 1:1, this is a matter of DEFINITIONS of a word not a matter of belief. 

It's not that God is *alive*, per se. God is the Creator of Everything, including Time. God IS Everywhere, throughout all time, but all at once. Life is an artificial, imperfect human concept constrained by the limitations of the human experience.  Of course, we have inklings that our understanding is limited that our notions of Everything is severely limited ... we can start to think about things like dark matter, blackholes, spacetime, timewarps, gravitation, electromagnetism, strong/weak nuclear forces ... but the human cognitive potential will always be severely limited as long humans remain bound by their own egos, their own thoughts, their own significance [as measured by others, in their own time or the time that human can contemplate, eg 5,000 years]. The Creator is not bound by Time or Space or human concepts of physical dimensions or concepts like attrative forces such as electromagnetic forces, gravitational force, weak nuclear force, strong nuclear force.

God is not some nice Old Man, not our servant, not some superhero, not some anthropomorphized quasi-equal that'll will invite us up to the club so we can say we had steaks at God's place. 

In this Time-bound existence, humans are trapped by their egos, unable to escape the Timebound notions of their existence. 

Timebound humans cannot ditch their egos; thus, they unable to see why they must work harder at loving others as they love themselves, not simply as some commandment to do that without realizing why, but in order to escape the pathetic selfish timebound me-ness of their finite time-bound existence. 

The Creator always WAS, always IS, always WILL BE ... the Kingdom of Heavan is at hand, not something that is coming in the future. Luke 17:20

Your death is the only thing that is CERTAIN and certain to be coming in the future; embrace the FINITENESS of your lifespan and healthspan by attempting to make better uses of each second, ie work harder on improving your prayer life. 

Everything dies. Everyone you know will die OR they will see you die before they contemplate their certain death.

Everyone and everything that remembers any evidence of your existence or your species existence will die. 

Everything will return to the precursors of the Creator's dust. 

There is no such thing as genuine permanence in the manner that humans are able to concieve of permanence, because human thoughts are Timebound, therefore EGO-bound and entirely disposable ... the SOUL of the human is LOVED by God, but the EGO of the human is an impediment of the human's ability to accept God's love, to love ALL others as they love themselves.
